Previously on "Power"...
Tell me right now
what happened to Holly Weaver.
or I'm gonna walk out of here
and you're never
gonna see me again.
Angela ain't got proof
of who we are or what we do.
Trust me. I got a plan.
It'll all work out.
I trust you.
It's her I don't trust.
We got a problem with Tommy.
I think he's gonna try
to kill Angela.
It turns out that Lobos's
long-running dispute
with the Jimenez Cartel in Mexico
has turned deadly
and Lobos is on the move.
Jefe hasn't given me
any details.
But when I know, you know.
I plan to hold you to that.
That's all I need
to make a clone?
♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ I never took
a straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists and turns,
bumps and bruises, I live, I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city
full of yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
in these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homie, I grew up in hell,
a block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner, every 15 minutes
it move a seven ♪
♪ Pure snow,
bag it, then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options,
get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the bowl or the strap,
learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it, man, in the meantime,
go ahead and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal royal flow,
my James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007, that 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar,
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes
and tell her, "Baby, I love you ♪"
♪ You're my inspiration,
you're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm moving
with no hesitation" ♪
♪ They say this is a big rich town ♪
♪ Yeah E
♪ I just come from the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life,
I gotta make it ♪
♪ This is where it goes round ♪
♪ Yeah E
♪ I just happen to come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby,
I gotta make it. ♪
Why'd you stop?
I was almost there.
- I needed to catch my breath.
- Of course you did.
New York is not safe anymore.
I'm going to get my money
from Ghost
and I'm gonna get out.
Thank you.
We need to talk about the kids.
You change the combination?
Raina has a recital on the 30th.
Can you make it?
I'll try, but it shouldn't be
a problem.
Tariq needs work
on his jump shot.
Told him I'm gonna take him
to the park on Saturday,
- so it should be cool.
- All right. That works.
And Yas has her checkup
- with the pediatrician on Wednesday.
- On Wednesday.
I got your text.
You didn't write back.
Sorry.
So, Tasha, I'll take the kids to dinner
sometime this week.
You pick the night, all right?
Have a good day.
I want the plan, Ghost.
I stopped Tommy from killing Angela
because you said you had a plan.
If you want me to trust you,
you better know
it ain't gonna be in blind faith.
Not anymore.
Angela told me her investigation
is actually not about Tommy,
or me, for that matter.
She wants Lobos.
That ain't good news.
Lobos is the connect.
If she gets him,
then our whole thing goes down.
But she got to get him first.
I was thinking...
What if we take away the option?
No Lobos, no investigation.
And Lobos is here now.
What if I could
convince him to disappear?
Or...
you make him disappear.
If I kill Lobos, Tasha,
there goes our connect.
So you get another one.
The blowback could be huge.
Only if you get caught.
And for the sake of our children,
you will not get caught.
You're damn right
I won't get caught.
So... Angela still doesn't know
about you?
Are you sure?
Yeah. I'm sure.
- So what do I have to do?
- Nothing.
I already programmed
the information on his phone
into a mobile monitoring system
on the green one.
All the information on his phone
will be viewed here,
which means you'll be able
to read his text messages,
view his incoming
and outgoing call logs.
So I can see who he calls
and who calls him?
Can I hear him talk, though?
Only the NSA can do that.
Think of this more as a mirror.
Whatever pops up on his phone
will appear on this.
The money.
Surveillance breeds suspicion,
doesn't it?
Cool.
You know, I have done this
for a lot of wives.
They think they want to know
what their man is up to,
but then once they find out,
they have second thoughts.
I'm just saying, no refunds.
Gotcha.
"The spot"?
Julito. How we looking, man?
Money's coming in from the primeras
and the boutiques, boss.
Shit. We locked, loaded
and ready to fly on this bitch.
Dios fucking mio.
Good job.
God damn!
J, you got this shit looking
like the fucking US Mint.
Now that's some good work, son.
What's up, Tommy?
Well, looks like
we all good here.
Let me know when you hear from Lobos
so we can make this fucking drop.
Hey, man.
Tasha told me she hooked you up
with a wild night.
It wasn't the night
I had planned.
Tommy, I told you I had
Angela under control.
I said, man, I got a plan.
Angela told me
what task force she's on.
They ain't looking for us.
They want Lobos.
And we're supposed
to get him that money
while she's trying to arrest him?
She doesn't know
he's in town, man.
But I was thinking,
maybe she should.
What I mean is if she
follows Lobos long enough
and she gets him, then it's gonna
lead her to us anyway.
Well, hell, what if we just give her
what she wants?
Flip on Lobos?
You been dipping
in the goddamn product?
Tommy, not flip on him,
kill him.
You out of your
motherfucking mind.
His guard's down, man.
He came to town to get
his money and leave.
He's got all kind of motherfuckers
chasing him in Mexico.
You know that.
There might not be
a better shot at this, brother.
I say... we walk him
in the drop,
we give him his money,
that crazy motherfucker's happy.
He leaves, goes to his hotel.
We follow him to his hotel.
We fucking do him quick, man.
Make it look like
it was someone else.
- Like that Serb shit.
- Serbs.
And then we're done. We're done.
No more worrying about Lobos.
No more looking over our shoulder
for the fucking FBI.
Looking over our shoulder
for the cops or the competition?
That's this game, Ghost.
We worked hard for this shit.
We deliver
a dead Lobos to Angela,
she goes away. Great.
But then where the fuck
do we go for our shit?
And don't you say Milan,
'cause I ain't fuckin'
with that cannibal motherfucker.
Maybe we don't need
another one, man.
I got enough money, Tommy.
You got enough money.
Maybe we split the cash in there
right down the fucking middle.
And then you and me are set,
partner. We're set.
- And there it is.
- There it fucking is.
Get out the life.
Somehow I knew this
was gonna lead back there.
We ain't getting
out the life, Ghost.
We ain't never gonna kill Lobos.
We gonna deal with Angela...
one way or another.
And then we're gonna go back
to fucking business.
Ma, I thought you'd be at work.
You know, you've been
coming in late a lot of nights.
Like 2:00 and 3:00
in the morning.
If I was still at school, you
wouldn't know what I was doing.
You know, a lot of things have changed
since your father got out.
What kind of stuff
he got you doing at night?
- I ain't corrupting the little nigga.
- Surprised to see you here.
Had some business
to take care of.
Which means your cell phone
didn't work?
Let me guess, they didn't have
a landline where you were?
- I'm back now.
- Yeah, 'cause Dre called you.
No, because you called me.
You said Ghost was asking about me.
Well, here I am in the flesh.
And hungry as shit.
I'll make you something.
But you can't stay long.
Now, I'm gonna need you
to tell me
everything your uncle been doing
since I've been gone.
Now, what you know
about his connect Lobos?
Not much.
Then find out.
How you be right there
and you don't know nothing?
How are you?
Need about a day or two
to come up with the money, jefe.
No, no, no, no.
I just want to talk.
Me and you.
"EPIA on Madison"?
"628 Mad EPIA."
EPIA.
E-P-I-A.
E-P-I-A, E-P-I-A.
EPIA... E-P-I-A.
"Wait for further
instructions." Fuck.
Hey, babe. How are you?
I'm fine. How's your day so far?
I'm hustling as usual.
Hadn't heard from you.
I was starting to wonder.
No, no, I'm good.
I just wanted
to hear your voice.
Where are you right now?
I'm at Truth.
There's a party at the club.
Prepping for it.
Six and a half.
I don't want to disturb you.
I'll let you get back to work.
You know,
you're never interrupting me.
You know I'm never
too busy to talk to you.
- Someone left this card for you.
- Okay.
Ange, you there?
I got to go, Jamie.
I got a staff meeting.
Okay, well, you have
a most fantastic day, Miss Valdes.
You, too, Mr. St. Patrick.
Jefe.
That's a very nice... jacket.
Ghost, I want you to take on
more responsibility.
Lo siento,
pero I don't understand.
Okay.
I need to be unreachable.
Undetectable?
Invisible so I can stay
invincible.
Jefe, I can't run a Mexican
drug cartel from New York City.
No, no, no, no, no. I know.
I have men in Mexico
that take care of the supply.
But this business of coming here
to see my distributor,
I can't. I'm... I'm too exposed.
I have a man in California,
I have a man in Texas,
and I have you here in New York.
I want you to oversee them.
I want them to report to you.
You want to decrease your risk
while you increase mine, jefe.
And increase your bank account.
He is dead weight.
I don't mean any disrespect,
but I'm gonna be honest.
Your attachment to him
is holding you back.
Pero, you understand
I need a few days to consider.
Of course.
Can I give you the answer when I...
When I deliver your money?
Very well.
Be well, jefe.
Be well, Ghost.
He's not interested
in power or money.
He's not interested in anything
that I could give him.
Which means that I can't control him,
which means that he's a liability.
He's such a dreamer?
Could I have a Shirley Temple?
According to the Federals, Lobos
plans to meet with his distributors,
Tommy Egan, at a warehouse
on 11th Avenue.
They probably chose
that location
because it has quick access
to the West Side Highway
and to the Hudson
plus multiple exits and entrances.
- We'll need helos and vessels...
- What'd I miss?
Federals got intel that Lobos
is planning on meeting his distributor
tomorrow at 1:00 in a warehouse
on the West Side.
So we need every roof,
window, and door covered
until tactical enters the access point
and secures Lobos.
How do we know the info's legit?
We don't.
And there's been no sight of Egan.
We've got units outside
his place and his mother's.
This is the only lead
we have right now.
When we arrest Lobos,
we want to make sure
we bring him in alive
if possible.
I'm sorry, what charges
are we arresting him on exactly?
If you had been here on time,
you would have heard us say
they were hoping to catch
Lobos and Egan
in the commission of a crime...
Exchanging drugs,
money, or weapons.
One thing's for sure. Lobos
and his men will be armed and evasive.
We'll need
additional ground support
to make sure no one
slips through the cracks.
I'll put that call in as well.
Great, we'll reconvene
here tomorrow
with team leaders
to map out a battle plan.
Questions?
Yeah, you see it, nigga.
Outfitted as a motherfucker.
I see you decided to join
the 21st century and shit, man.
Yeah, I told you about
fucking with that swine.
Come on, man, don't come over here
with that Farrakhan bullshit.
I'm just trying to keep
your uncivilized ass alive.
Hey, I heard that nigga Ghost
was asking about me while I was gone.
Told you he was spooked.
Can't even tell, man.
He rode up on me on the corner,
starting asking what I wanted long term.
What, like if you wanted
to get out the hood?
Motherfuckers like Ghost always trying
to create copies of themselves.
Want to make another nigga
be like him and shit.
Let me hit that.
Come on. Come on.
Go to him. See if he'll tell you
when he's supposed to meet Lobos.
- Okay.
- See if he'll take you with him.
I'm gonna go to Tommy,
I'll work that angle.
- Okay.
- If he know something,
- he gonna tell me.
- Okay.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's one other thing.
So I did a solid for that Puerto Rican
motherfucker Vibora, right?
After I did it,
he came with a offer
about falling back
on Ghost and Tommy.
- No shit?
- Real shit.
Ghost and Tommy got a revolt
going on their hands, man.
You think we should tell them?
Hell, no.
Right now we three moves
ahead of Ghost.
Right where we want to be.
Just a minute.
Hey, Jamie.
This is a nice surprise.
I have something for you.
Seriously?
Yes.
Get in here.
- You.
Come on. Open it.
Open it. Open it.
- You really didn't need to do this.
- Yes, I did.
I told you to stop
buying me things.
Okay. I was disobedient.
These just looked
so much like you.
- They're gorgeous.
- Like you.
Thank you.
Put them on.
Come on, put them on.
I don't really think they go
with this awesomeness
that I'm wearing.
Okay.
Mind if I return this text real quick?
- Yeah, sure.
- Okay.
You know, I'm gonna go look
for something to go with these shoes.
Make it a big reveal.
Okay.
Jamie, I can't find anything
to wear with these shoes.
Come on, Ange.
You got to have something...
You see, that works.
With the exception
of one or two slackers,
everyone else came through
with their cheese.
So y'all just sitting on it?
Like I said, we need a couple
more drops to make the total.
Hand it over to Lobos,
back to business.
When you supposed to meet him?
Tomorrow, thank God.
I hate having a house full of money
and nowhere to put it.
I can think
of someplace to put it.
Don't get any fucking ideas, K.
I'm serious.
You know, it's good
to have you back, man.
Long way from home, boy.
How'd you find me?
So he's back?
Kanan told you where I was.
Yeah, he mentioned it.
But I'm not here for him,
though.
I thought about what you said, man...
about getting out the hood?
I asked Kanan about getting out.
He laughed.
I'll bet he did.
Look, man, I don't want to be
on the corner forever.
I'm listening.
What's up with your boy, Ruiz?
He loyal?
Ruiz wants to be
more big time than he is.
A few months ago, he actually
reached out to Lobos
and tried to make a play
behind our backs.
And the motherfucker
is still alive?
We checked him.
I mean, I didn't trust him,
but he's actually a valuable part
of our whole operation.
Thanks, Tiny.
She ain't been tiny in a minute.
Speaking of moving weight,
I ain't never dropped
this much money off on a connect.
Where y'all supposed
to meet him at?
I don't know. He's supposed
to text Ghost with a spot.
Well, why don't I come with you?
Back you up
in case this shit don't go right?
You said
the motherfucker was crazy.
Serious shit, but...
I think we're cool.
So I was thinking maybe
I could work directly for you.
I mean, you...
You could tell me, you know,
if you got something
I could watch, just let me know.
I know connect's in town.
Heard that motherfucker's crazy.
Yeah, he's crazy.
Don't want you anywhere near him.
I ain't interested
in getting you shot.
You got a daughter
to raise, right?
Get back to your crib safe, man.
Good to see you.
What's he want, Uncle G?
I don't know yet, Shawn.
But as long as he's around,
keep your head
on a swivel, all right?
Let's be out.
Haven't seen you in a while.
Is that another one of those
that only he can sign for?
That's right,
only Mr. Proctor can sign for it.
Can you let him know I'm here?
Can you please get Brian, Mickey,
and those other assholes on the phone?
Mr. Proctor. I have another one
of these packages for you.
Should I come in?
You haven't returned
my phone calls.
I've been very busy.
See, I don't give a fuck
how busy you've been.
All I care about is that
you have the 12 grand
you been promising to pay us
for the last three weeks.
Okay, look, you know me.
I'm good for it.
But I can't afford
to pay you right now.
What exactly you think
happens next here?
I'm guessing some sort
of physical pain, right?
But here's the thing.
I'm a white lawyer
in a Wall Street office
and you are
a Puerto Rican drug dealer.
I'm Cuban, you dumb fuck.
The point is, you're not
gonna hit me. Not in here.
There's too many witnesses.
You're too smart for that.
Look, I'm not running.
I'm not ducking.
I'll pay you when I can pay you.
Yeah?
Everyone's on line one. Pick up.
All right, who's gonna be a hero
and save my client?
Don't be a douchebag
your whole life.
"C-R-L-T-N."
540 Ma-na-na.
12:00.
540 Manana.
New York.
"C-R-L-T."
C-R-L-T-N New York.
The Carlton Hotel.
Mañana.
Room 540.
Tomorrow.
Noon.
Greg?
Yeah?
What time did Mike say
that Lobos meeting was?
Tomorrow at 1:00
at the warehouse on 11th Ave.
Why?
- You got something?
- No.
Okay.
Greg, what if
the Federals are wrong
and when we go to the warehouse,
Lobos isn't there?
Well, then
we'll just keep looking for him
at the great expense
of the taxpayers.
Don't worry, Angela.
The Federals, they got it right.
We're gonna get Lobos tomorrow.
I don't want to smoke a blunt
in the middle of the day
and be high all goddamn afternoon.
Plus I got to pick up
the kids later.
You need to lay off that shit
your damn self.
So what's up with
the 911 text, Tommy?
Ghost lost his goddamn mind.
First he sends you to stop me
from killing Angela.
Now he wants to kill
Lobos instead.
I mean, are you sure
that's such a bad idea?
It's not like he's the most predictable
motherfucker to work for.
Yes, T, I'm sure
that's a bad idea.
First of all, he'd probably
see it coming anyway.
Motherfucker's got eyes
in the back of his head.
But second, we're supposed to meet up
with him at the Carlton tomorrow.
Now, I know firsthand
it's damn near impossible
to get out that place
with a body.
But that's not what matters.
What are we supposed to do
about a connect after he's dead?
Tommy,
we'll find another connect.
At this quality?
At this kind of weight?
It's not that fucking easy.
But that's why
Ghost ain't stressing.
'Cause he wants out.
I thought he was over that.
Not even. He brought it up
again yesterday.
You don't think...
You don't think he's trying
to run away with the Fed bitch?
A dead Lobos mean
she and Ghost get away clean
without anyone
chasing after them.
T, you're tripping.
Ghost would never run.
Not without the kids.
The old Ghost, you're right.
But this nigga now?
I'm not sure
what the fuck he'll do next.
What are you doing here?
We need to talk.
Let's go to your office.
It ain't my office anymore.
We can talk in here.
Seems like you only told me
half of your little plan.
What the fuck are you
talking about, Tash?
Tommy came to me. He told me
you suggested killing Lobos.
He's not down.
Did you tell him
it was your idea?
I would have. But you know what?
He dropped a little knowledge
that I didn't have.
You're trying to run
with that girl.
Come on. Ain't nobody say that.
Tommy said you want out.
I did the math, okay?
You kill Lobos,
you take the girl, you run.
Leave me with no income
and the kids with no fucking daddy.
Who the fuck do you think I am,
saying some shit like that?
Did I fucking cheat? Yes.
That don't make me
any less of a father.
I told you, you and the kids
would always be taken care of.
I ain't running
any-goddamn-where.
Look here... Tommy ain't down
with killing Lobos? Fuck him.
Holly leaving him fucked him up?
That's fine, too.
I'll find another way.
Don't I always think of something?
And don't we always
do it together?
I'm not gonna make any moves
that affect our kids
without telling you first.
You just be careful tomorrow.
- Okay?
- Okay,
Something smells good.
- Where are the kids?
- Washing up for dinner.
Okay. Stop.
I don't want the kids to see us.
I know, but it's
kind of hard, okay?
Behave.
Fine, I'm not staying anyway.
I'ma just grab a slice
'cause I got to get
Uncle G from Truth.
Tomorrow afternoon,
if Ghost takes you to the Carlton,
I want you to be careful.
Well, what's happening at the Carlton?
I smell pepperoni.
What's up, Shawn?
What's up, Keisha?
Hey. Hey, T.
What's up, girl?
- I'm not interrupting anything, am I?
- No, please.
You told me to come over and have
some pizza with you and the kids.
Of course. There's enough
for everybody. Help yourself.
I ain't seen y'all in a minute.
What y'all been up to?
Well, you know, just working.
Staying busy driving Uncle G and stuff.
Yeah, just nothing much, really.
Being, you know... mom stuff.
Sounds like y'all been busy.
- I should get going.
- Okay.
I gotta go get Uncle G.
Later, Keisha. Mrs. St. Patrick.
Okay, bye.
Okay. Let's see here.
So how long y'all been fuckin'?
Keisha, you were the one
that told me to pick a man.
Yes, I did. And as usual,
you did me one better.
But I can't knock
your hustle, Tasha.
Fucking one man
and living off another.
But here's one thing.
How you gonna make sure
Ghost don't find out?
Shawn knows
how to keep his mouth shut.
Dad, what are you doing here?
Your mama said
you been staying out all night.
And I figured out why.
How long you been
smashing Tasha?
It's not even like that, Pop.
Man, Stevie Wonder could see
y'all fucking.
Question is,
how long you been sprung?
I'm not. If anything, I'm using her
for information like you wanted.
Tasha too smart
to tell you a damn thing.
But you, you stupid enough to go
running your mouth at any fucking time.
All you niggas forgot
the first rule of bitches.
- Don't tell them shit.
- Yeah, well, you tripping, then.
She tells me things.
Not the other way around.
All right, then, talk.
Tell me one real thing she told you.
I know that Uncle G
is going to a big meeting
tomorrow afternoon
at the Carlton Hotel.
Tasha told you that?
Yeah.
So how was the pussy?
Well, I've been in jail 10 years.
If I ain't getting in it personally,
I want it play-by-play.
Come on. Tell me how it was.
Domino!
Dre, this is my reward
for bringing you into my home?
An uninvited guest? Kanan.
Young'un meant
no disrespect, Vibora.
I told him to bring me.
I got business to discuss.
Kanan. I remember you
from around the way, man.
I think you shot
a friend of my cousin's.
That sound like me.
Heard Dre here
saved your ass the other night.
Yes, he did. Serbian motherfuckers
were a bad shot, right?
Look, man, were you serious
when you stepped to me
about working together?
That was just frustration.
I'm happy with
my current situation.
That's right, you got that seat
at the table with Ghost and Tommy.
You should be getting ready
for that meeting with Lobos tomorrow.
- They didn't tell me.
- That's disrespect, man.
- There's no way around it.
- Right.
We need to go
to Lobos ourselves.
Done that. It doesn't work.
You didn't have
your ducks in a row.
If we get everybody from Ghost and
Tommy's organization to commit first,
Lobos can't walk away.
They're not just
gonna step aside.
Cutting Ghost and Tommy out
means killing 'em.
Well, we've known the rules
to the streets since we was kids.
Tommy is a good man.
Till Ghost tell him
to stab you in the back.
Are you down?
'Cause if you are,
we need to start now.
You requested to meet me alone.
What you mean
is to meet without Tommy,
our mutual connection.
I like Tommy, but I came here
to talk about Ghost.
You understand why Tommy
can't be a part of this, right?
Ghost makes promises
he can't keep.
He opens and shuts the pipeline,
demands early payment.
You're looking to start a coup.
Do you think it's safe
to come to me with your plan?
The shipment from Milan,
the one that got hijacked
by the Albanians,
the one that forced you
into working with Ghost and Tommy...
It wasn't the Albanians.
Ghost's first plan was to kill you.
Tommy talked him out of it.
He's still a friend.
What proof do you have?
I was part of it.
Then I should kill you, too.
I just brought you the truth.
You're on the outs with Milan.
You kill Ghost, you have no connect
unless you align with me.
Kanan, Dre, and Drifty
are very loyal to him.
They're strong, Ruiz.
I thought you might say that.
You must be Kanan.
I'm the motherfucker who taught
Ghost and Tommy everything they know.
Tommy trusts me.
I'm gonna surprise Ghost
at the Lobos meeting tomorrow.
Get Tommy to take me
in the room.
Once I'm in there,
I'll tell Lobos to his face
Ghost and Tommy done lost control
of the organization.
With all y'all behind me, we'll put
Ghost and Tommy out the game forever.
Got all the pieces
to the puzzle.
Vladimir, all you got to do
is say yes.
Thanks for meeting me
on short notice.
That's not a problem.
I like to do research
on my clients
and there's very little information
on James St. Patrick out there
outside from the fact
that you own a nightclub.
That doesn't tell me why a guy
like you needs my services, so...
Well, let's just say that you and I
are more similar than you think.
I feel like I can trust you.
What makes you think that?
I know that you buy
your ex-wife Xanax, Oxy,
cocaine even, weekly.
In exchange, she allows you
full custody of your daughter.
You make good money.
But unfortunately,
your ex-wife's drug habit
has gotten you in over your head
with some guys
that cause real physical damage
to settle a debt.
So now I owe you.
"Owe" is such a dramatic word.
I would just say
that you and I both know
my knowledge of your extracurricular
activities could get you disbarred.
And that's all the trust
I need between us.
Fine.
I'll represent you.
Well played, by the way.
I'll be in contact.
Ground control will cut off exits
and entrances at the warehouse here.
We'll have air support
around the area as well.
But I don't want those choppers
flying in prematurely
spooking these guys until
all of our players are in position.
No, the helos won't move in
until we give the okay.
NYPD, we'll bring you guys in
at 28th and 34th for a base.
SWAT, bringin' you at 10th and 30th.
Also, it is imperative
that we control
all the pedestrian traffic
around this building.
We don't want anybody
getting caught in our crossfire,
which is a potential.
We've got to have eyes
on all of these
exits and entrances.
And any man that we can spare
I want on the rooftops
peeping out what's going
on in this building, okay?
Does that make sense
to everybody?
Now, Greg, where should we
set up field ops
so we make sure
we stay out of sight?
West 11th. Anything West 11th.
Mira.
It's not like you
to dip out in the middle
of the day like this.
You're usually too busy
these days.
I just really,
really needed to see you.
I need to see you every day.
♪ I know it's just you're thirsty ♪
♪ I say we have an early
celebration of your birthday ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm thirsty ♪
♪ I want you in the worst way ♪
♪ See, I woke up in a spot
with some bad habits ♪
♪ So I got to have it,
that's why I'm acting famished ♪
♪ She don't like the way I do it,
I say I'm acting mannish ♪
♪ Too thirsty,
like it's supposed to hurt me ♪
♪ I'm the man and you the woman,
I'm supposed to work ♪
♪ I love bad bitches,
that's my fucking problem ♪
♪ Since you a bad bitch,
you my fucking problem ♪
♪ And I wanna solve 'em,
so you get all of 'em ♪
♪ Let me,
let me go on and get it ♪
♪ I want you in the worst way ♪
♪ Have you seen the way you look?
O Lord, have mercy ♪
♪ I know it's just you're thirsty ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm thirsty,
I want you in the worst way ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm thirsty
I want you in the worst way... ♪
I better get going.
Jamie, what if we left
right now?
Together.
Just dropped everything.
Ange, is this about Tommy?
No. No.
This is about us.
I don't want to think about Tommy
or Tasha or work or anything.
Let's just go right now
straight to the airport.
I don't even need clothes.
I just need you.
Just you.
I plan on us leaving together.
Me and you.
I just can't today.
Angie, I got obligations.
I got a big meeting at Truth.
I can't miss it.
I gotta go.
I understand.
Hey-
I love you, Angie.
♪ Of lessons learned,
of lessons learned ♪
♪ This time I'll do things
differently ♪
♪ This time
I'd like to need you less ♪
♪ I'm struggling,
I'm struggling ♪
♪ Of lessons learned,
of lessons learned ♪
of lessons learned... ♪
♪ Of bridges burned,
of bridges burned ♪
of bridges burned... ♪
♪ This time I'll do things
differently ♪
♪ This time
I'll do things differently ♪
♪ This time I'd like
to need you less ♪
♪ This time
I'd like to need you less ♪
♪ I'm struggling,
I'm struggling ♪
♪ I'm struggling, I'm struggling ♪
♪ I'm giving in, I'm giving in ♪
♪ This time I'll keep
an overview ♪
♪ This time
I'll keep an overview ♪
♪ This time I'll keep
away from you ♪
♪ This time
I'll keep away from you ♪
♪ This time I'll keep
away from you. ♪
What's your ETA on having
these guys ready?
ASAP.
- Yeah.
- Okay, do your thing. Do your thing.
Sir.
I just saw the distributor
going into the meeting with Lobos.
Are you serious?
We haven't even seen Egan
in the past two days.
It's not possible.
Hold on.
I just sent you a photo
of Tommy Egan
arriving at the Carlton.
Maybe you'll believe me now.
How did you find him?
A source told me
where the meet would be.
What's the source?
Angela, what is the source?
I can't... fuck!
I'll hit you back after
once I talk to Lobos.
And, no, I don't need no backup.
- I got this by myself.
- No doubt.
Hey, Alpha Team,
you're moving inside with us.
Have Bravo Team secure the doors
on the side and the rear
of this building.
Move in.
What the hell are we doing here?
Egan's here and he's
carrying a duffle bag
stuffed with something.
Money? Drugs?
Any proof that Lobos is inside?
No, but why else would Tommy Egan
be at a place like this today
when we know Lobos is on the move
and looking for his money?
Yeah. Hey, take this walkie.
Stay down here.
- Let's go.
- Go.
Get me on Tac.
FBI! Get the fuck on the ground!
Go! Get down!
- Show me your hands!
- Don't shoot!
- Don't fucking shoot!
- Hands up! Hands up!
Get your hands where I can see them!
Keep them up!
Perp down.
- Everybody, we got one perp down.
- Weapons secure.
We got him. Target is secure.
I repeat, the target is secure.
We have Lobos in custody.
We got him, Mike.
Gracias.
Everyone get out? Good?
What the fuck?
Angie. Yeah.
Fucking rotten cunt bitch!
You ain't never changed.
- I fucking know everything.
- Get him out of here.
Gonna get you, Angela!
You started something, bitch!
Time to stay scared, Angie.
Wait a second.
I need to ID the perp.
- His passport says "Javier Villanueva."
- Right, one of Lobos's guys.
Is there anyone else up there?
Any other bodies?
No, room's clear.
Excuse me.
The person
you are trying to reach is unavailable.
Please leave a message.
Jamie, where are you?
I need to talk to you right away.
Call me back
as soon as you get this.
Did you do this?
Did you get Tommy arrested
after I told you where that meeting was?
Fuck, no. Do I look like a motherfucker
who'd tell the cops anything?
Ghost's rat ass probably did.
Like he did when I got knocked.
- What are you talking about, Dad?
- Your uncle set me up.
Sent me to jail.
Said he had a couple runs to make.
Couldn't do it.
I had you from your mother,
I said I'd take care of it.
- You was in the car with me.
- I remember.
Cops pulled us over
talking about the taillight blown.
Search the motherfucking car,
find the dope, take me to jail.
Come to find out the taillight
wasn't blown.
Motherfuckers
unscrewed the taillight.
- They set me the fuck up.
- That doesn't mean Uncle G did it.
Shawn, I was running shit then.
Me. Kanan.
Ghost and Tommy kept coming around
talking about shit I wasn't down with,
so he got rid of me
by sending me to prison.
All them years
we ain't been together
was your Uncle G's doing.
He robbed us of all that time.
And we gonna give
that nigga street justice
and bury his ass
six feet deep, man.
You love your motherfucking
Uncle G so much, man.
He sent me away.
Sent Tommy away.
He the only one standing in the way
of what you want with Tasha, right?
How long you think
before he send you away?
HOW long?
Well, the nigga gotta go.
I'd kill the motherfucker myself,
but he'd see me coming
a mile away.
- He won't see me.
- He doesn't trust you.
Y'all need somebody
that he'll trust.
Somebody he'll relax around.
Somebody like you.
Man, this little nigga
ain't ready, man.
He is ready. I made you ready
when I gave you that gun.
I told you a day may come
that you need to use it.
That day is now.
I want you to right Ghost's wrongs
for separating us by taking him out.
You in?
Yeah.
I'm in.
Hey, stop breathing on me.
See you, sexy.
Can I have my check, please?
What, you skip out
on your victory lap?
Killing someone
is never a victory.
I don't care who it is.
Congratulations.
You followed your instincts
and they proved to be correct.
Thank you.
So Tommy Egan was Ghost
all along?
I mean, who else would have been
at that meeting, right?
Obviously your source is gonna
have to come forward now.
But that's tomorrow's problem.
Tonight we're celebrating, right?
Everybody, listen up.
I want to raise a glass
to AUSA Angela Valdes.
- Way to go, Angie.
- No.
We don't always see eye-to-eye.
Hell, we never see eye-to-eye.
I actually kind of hate her.
But because of her,
we got our guy.
And we are all about
to get promotions.
- Oh, yeah.
- To Angela Valdes.
Thank you.
Okay, this guy
is officially cut off.
Never.
But I'm willing
to buy you two a drink.
Yeah.
Actually, I'm about to take off.
But thank you.
- Come on, I'll walk you out.
- That's okay. I'm okay.
Have a good night.
- 'Night.
- Good night, Angela.
♪ Got my mind
in the palm of my hands ♪
♪ Don't want to lose it ♪
♪ Fingertips covered in oil ♪
♪ Oil from the blood of the tears ♪
♪ That I spilled ♪
♪ On the white carpet ♪
♪ I certainly almost called ♪
♪ Then I said fuck it all ♪
♪ Fuck it all, fuck it all ♪
♪ Fuck it all ♪
♪ I said fuck it all ♪
♪ 'Cause I could be
a whole lot of things ♪
♪ Go on and clip my wings ♪
♪ Be a piss-drunk bitch of a whore ♪
♪ Running around ♪
♪ Hoping maybe you'll save me ♪
♪ Throw you a few curveballs ♪
♪ Act like a broken doll ♪
♪ Just say fuck it all ♪
♪ Fuck it all, fuck it all ♪
♪ Fuck it all ♪
♪ Fuck it all... ♪